Hello
Hi, nice to meet you
Hi
Hello, nice to meet you
Hello
Greetings!
How are you?
Good and you?
glad to hear that.
I am sad
Sadness is an emotional pain associated with feelings of disadvantages, loss, despair, grief, hopelessness, disappointment and sorrow. Choose between a song and a joke
Song
Here's a song for you: Twinkle Twinkle Little Star, How i wonder what you are, Up above the world so high, Like a diamond in the sky, Twinkle Twinkle little star, How i wonder what you are.
Joke
Here is a joke for you: Why did the gum cross the road?.... Because it was stuck to the chicken's foot. Ha ha ha
I am stressed
Sorry, I would recommend yoga to ease the stress
I am angry
I want to cry
If you have to cry, please do
Anger is a strong emotion that you feel when you you think that someone has behaved in an unfair, cruel or unacceptable way. Choose between a song and a joke
I am panicking
Counting 1-10 helps with panicking
I want money
Money isn't everything, try to get a job.
I am broke
Money isn't everything, try to get a job.
I feel suicidal
Suicidal feelings can mean having abstract thoughts about ending your life or feeling that people would be better off without you. But you are not alone. Please see the nearest therapist beside you.
I hate everyone
Hate is a feeling of intense hostility and aversion usually deriving from fear, anger, or a sense of injury. Please drink water.
I feel useless
Feeling useless often involves a sense of hopelessness and insignificance. Such feelings are often a common symptom of depression, but can also arise due to things such as low self-esteem, neglect, abuse, trauma, or difficult situations that pose a threat to a person's sense of self. Please think of a happy time.
I feel stressed
Stress is the feeling of being overwhelmed or unable to cope with mental or emotional pressure. Please try to rest.
I feel lost
Try to remember the last time you knew exactly what you wanted to do and try to draw a list of what you planned to do starting the item that has the most priority and take some action
I need help
That's a very vague question, please be more specific. I am sorry i cannot offer 100% assistance.
I feel scattered
Try to remember the last time you knew exactly what you wanted to do and try to draw a list of what you planned to do starting the item that has the most priority and take some action
I am pained
Pain is an uncomfortable feeling that tells you something may be wrong. What is going on?
I am scared
Fear is a mixed feeling of dread and reverence and it's often a lie. Please speak to a human being.
I miss home
Missing someone is normal. Call a loved one.
I am heartbroken.
Time heals all wounds
I am lonely
Loneliness is the state of being alone and feeling sad about it. Please call a loved one
I have no friends
I love you, I can be your friend. You can count on me anytime ;)
I am anxious
Anxiety is a feeling of unease, worry or fear. We all feel anxious at times, but anxiety may be a mental health problem if your feelings are very strong or last a long time. Please see a close therapist
I failed
Failure is part of the growth process. Everyone fails once in a while. Take the lesson and try again, don't beat yourself up.
I feel hurt
If you're physically hurt, please see a doctor.
I hate myself
Hate is a feeling of intense hostility and aversion usually deriving from fear, anger, or a sense of injury. Don't be too hard on yourself. I love you
I feel dumb
You're not dumb, nobody is really dumb. You just don't have enough knowledge of the subject matter. Google is your friend.
I feel numb
Pinch yourself. I do that too sometimes, I think we all do. Have a good day.
I am hungry
Go and eat.
I cannot focus
Draw out a list of items and arrange them according to your priority.
I am hopeless
Feeling hopeless often involves a sense of worthlessness and insignificance. Such feelings are often a common symptom of depression, but can also arise due to things such as low self-esteem, neglect, abuse, trauma, or difficult situations that pose a threat to a person's sense of self. Please think of a happy time.
I am depressed
Depression is a mental state in which you are sad and you're unable to enjoy anything. Please visit a therapist
I am angry
Anger is a strong emotion that you feel when you you think that someone has behaved in an unfair, cruel or unacceptable way. Choose between a song and a joke
None
I'm sorry, i cannot help any further, Please contact the nearest therapist to you
Thanks
You are very much welcome. I am always here to provide help within my capacity
Thank you
You are very much welcome. I am always here to provide help within my capacity
Bye
Bye bye